Firstly, I want to acknowledge that I used ChatGPT for this HW04 assignment and basically followed its example code step by step (except for the test file, I wrote me test without GPT).

“what led you to compromise your integrity in this way”，I didn't even realize that using ChatGPT could be such a serious matter until I came across this question, even though it should have been obvious. would say, I might have just written a simple reflection and submitted it if I didn’t see that question. But now, I will ask myself, 'why?'
Let me try to start in the best order.
Remember that last semester, in the mid-term questionnaire, I mentioned "examples are an important way to learn"? At least for me, I really need to read example codes line by line, and then copy once (even copy by hand writing sometimes), and then learn. If you remember that, I can even tell which code written in which method in which file for Module 4 during midterm review. Why, because I read them no less than 20 times. I do my learning by reading and memorizing other people’s code. 
And ChatGPT offers such an irresistible temptation by providing codes, line by line, method by method. I no longer need to find some codes that are “similar” as examples. I can directly get “the code”. AND, that is a learning process that I never experienced ever before, ever during my life. 
I can ask it to show me methods available in ArrayList. I can ask it to show me an object of string builder. I can ask it to show what is Function interface. Last semester I was even struggling with find an example of writing for-loop in python, but now, ChatGPT provide everything.
ChatGPT can’t refuse human’s question. What do I want to know about, GPT offers immediately. Unlike any other resource, GPT never say no.
And that is the way how it make me be addicted and hopeless to extricate myself. And little by little leaded to this, HW04. And now I suddenly realize that GPT might already token too much.
I still need time to grinding-in with new technology in the unknow world. And I know I will. Because just as I mentioned in survey, and as I always know, “all after all, it’s our own responsibility to make sure we learn.”
